# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [0.3.0] - 2023-11-03

### Bug Fixes

- Update HOWTO.


### Features

- Re-index command

- Rescan command.

- Now hex and npub keys works in the UI.


### Other

- Index statistic page.

- List of reserved named without corroborating Nostr events.

- Changelog update, update cargo.toml for v0.2.0.

- Bold the message on the uncorroborated claims screen.

- Clarifying language in the spec.

- Handle edge case where a name is being indexed twice because it was posted with the same NSID twice.

- CHANGELOG.mod

- Updating SPEC to remove transfers and added an Appendix for changes and updates.

- Removing transfers from version 0x00

- Limiting names to 43 characters.

- Use Primal.net for user links.

- Index Stats was still using transfer_events table

- Merge branch 'master' into develop
- MSRV

- Simple API to generate v1 create OP_RETURN data.

- Development environment setup docs.

- Simpler blockchain index table.

- Added protocol version to blockchain_index

- Basic working indexer.

- API for create v0 op_returns

- V0 -> v1 automatic upgrade

- Properly notifies upgrades

- SPEC update

- Basic nomen-cli

- Refactoring CLI some more.

- Completely refactored into a multi-crate workspace.

- Moving REFACTOR.md

- Added transer_cache table for pending/incomplete transfers awaiting signatures.

- Use transfer_cache + signatures to complete a transfer and remove the transfer from the cache.

- Refactoring the commands.

- Breaking into messages

- Broke event loop down, using raw_blockchain now.

- Updating REFACTOR.md

- Updated from log crate to tracing and tracing_subscriber

- Clippy pedantic fixes

- Broke large method into many smaller methods for clippy's satisfaction.

- Removed anyhow from nomen_core and using thiserror instead

- Handle re-orgs.

- Removing unused code, and moving things around.

- Tests based on pre-defined test vectors!

Tests based on pre-defined test vectors!

- Moven nomen_core::util modules to nomen_core proper.

- UI items are working

- Fixed bug where it is continuously rescanning same blocks.

- Refactor API module layout.

- Refactored API and explorer modules, added API methods.

- API docs.

- Added CORS headers for API.

- Setting version to 0.3.0-rc.1 for now

- Removed uncorroborated claims completely.

- Feedback now provided again when updating records.

- Fixed Update Records link on the individual Name page.

- Setting 100 expiration limit on transfer cache.

- Creating a view for all unindex blocked.

- Add protocol version to name page.

- Return metadata from the Name api.

- Return metadata from the Name api.

- Merge branch 'protocolv1' of https://github.com/ursuscamp/nomen into protocolv1

- New name now works a little bit more easily, by just asking for a tx input.

- Fixing code TODOs.

- V0 Upgrade Support in UI

- Do not show nameless v0 names on the explorer.

- Update docs.

- Rename nsid to name in explorer.

- Removing primary key index on old_transfer_cahce

- Basic transfer UI!

- Bug fixes

- Added "Transfer Name" option to nav bar.

- Fix two bugs: OP_RETURN length crashing bug, and database locking bug.

- New Name take/returns a PSBT again

- PSBT is now optional for New Names. If PSBT is not provided, a plain OP_RETURN is generated instead.

- Updating to pre.2

- Transfers re-added. Transfers from UI now just output OP_RETURNs.

- Bump prerelease version to 3.


<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
